.nh
.TH Clight 1 Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
.PP
Clight \- a user daemon utility that aims to fully manage your display.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fB\fCclight\fR [\fB\fC\-vw?\fR] [\fB\fC\-f, \-\-frames\fR INT] [\fB\fC\-d, \-\-device\fR video0] [\fB\fC\-b, \-\-backlight\fR intel\_backlight]
.br
[\fB\fC\-\-no\-backlight\-smooth\fR] [\fB\fC\-\-no\-gamma\-smooth\fR] [\fB\fC\-\-no\-dimmer\-smooth\-enter\fR] [\fB\fC\-\-no\-dimmer\-smooth\-exit\fR]
.br
[\fB\fC\-\-day\-temp\fR INT] [\fB\fC\-\-night\-temp\fR INT] [\fB\fC\-\-lat\fR DOUBLE] [\fB\fC\-\-lon\fR DOUBLE] [\fB\fC\-\-sunrise\fR 07:00] [\fB\fC\-\-sunset\fR 19:00]
.br
[\fB\fC\-\-no\-gamma\fR] [\fB\fC\-\-no\-dimmer\fR] [\fB\fC\-\-no\-dpms\fR] [\fB\fC\-\-no\-backlight\fR] [\fB\fC\-\-no\-screen\fR] [\fB\fC\-\-no\-kbd\fR]
.br
[\fB\fC\-\-dimmer\-pct\fR DOUBLE] [\fB\fC\-\-no\-auto\-calib\fR] [\fB\fC\-\-shutter\-thres\fR DOUBLE] [\fB\fC\-\-gamma\-long\-transition\fR] [\fB\fC\-\-ambient\-gamma\fR]
.br
[\fB\fC\-c, \-\-conf\-file\fR STRING] [\fB\fC\-w, \-\-wizard\fR] [\fB\fC\-\-verbose\fR] [\fB\fC\-v, \-\-version\fR] [\fB\fC\-?, \-\-help\fR] [\fB\fC\-\-usage\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fB\fCclight\fR allows to match your backlight level to ambient brightness,
computed by capturing frames from webcam or Ambient Light Sensors.
.br
It does also support adjusting external monitors and keyboards backlight.
.br
Moreover, it can manage your screen temperature,
dim your screen after a timeout and manage screen DPMS.

.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\fC\-c, \-\-conf\-file\fR \fIconfig\-file\fP
  Parse an additonal \fIconfig\-file\fP to override other configs.

.PP
\fB\fC\-v, \-\-version\fR
  Print program version.

.PP
\fB\fC\-w, \-\-wizard\fR
  Run a small wizard to calibrate sensor curve.

.PP
\fB\fC\-f, \-\-frames\fR \fInumber\fP
  Customize frames taken for each capture, between 1 and 20.

.PP
\fB\fC\-d, \-\-device\fR \fIdevice\fP
  Specify sensor device. If empty, first matching device is used.

.PP
\fB\fC\-\-no\-backlight\-smooth\fR
  Disable backlight smooth transitions.

.PP
\fB\fC\-\-no\-gamma\-smooth\fR
  Disable gamma smooth transitions.

.PP
\fB\fC\-\-no\-dimmer\-smooth\-enter\fR
  Disable smooth transitions while entering dimmed state.

.PP
\fB\fC\-\-no\-dimmer\-smooth\-exit\fR
  Disable smooth transitions while leaving dimmed state.

.PP
\fB\fC\-\-day\-temp\fR \fInumber\fP
  Customize daily screen temperature.

.PP
\fB\fC\-\-night\-temp\fR \fInumber\fP
  Customize nightly screen temperature.

.PP
\fB\fC\-\-gamma\-long\-transition\fR
  Enable a very long smooth transition for gamma (redshift\-like).

.PP
\fB\fC\-\-ambient\-gamma\fR
  Enable screen temperature matching ambient brightness instead of being time based.

.PP
\fB\fC\-\-lat\fR \fIdouble\fP
  Desired latitude.

.PP
\fB\fC\-\-lon\fR \fIdouble\fP
.br
  Desired longitude.

.PP
\fB\fC\-\-sunrise\fR \fItime\fP
  Specify sunrise time for gamma correction.

.PP
\fB\fC\-\-sunset\fR \fItime\fP
  Specify sunset time for gamma correction.

.PP
\fB\fC\-\-no\-gamma\fR
  Disable gamma correction tool.

.PP
\fB\fC\-\-no\-dimmer\fR
  Disable dimmer tool.

.PP
\fB\fC\-\-no\-dpms\fR
  Disable dpms tool.

.PP
\fB\fC\-\-no\-backlight\fR
  Disable backlight calibration tool.

.PP
\fB\fC\-\-no\-screen\fR
  Disable screen emitted brightness correction tool.

.PP
\fB\fC\-\-no\-kbd\fR
.br
  Disable keyboard backlight calibration tool.

.PP
\fB\fC\-\-dimmer\-pct\fR \fIdouble\fP
  Backlight level used while screen is dimmed, in pergentage.

.PP
\fB\fC\-\-verbose\fR
.br
  Enable verbose mode.

.PP
\fB\fC\-\-no\-auto\-calib\fR
.br
  Disable screen backlight automatic calibration.

.PP
\fB\fC\-\-shutter\-thres\fR \fIdouble\fP
  Threshold to consider a capture as clogged.

.SH FILES
.PP
\fI@CLIGHT_CONFDIR@/clight.conf\fP
  The system wide configuration file.

.PP
\fI$HOME/.config/clight.conf\fP
  Per user configuration file.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP
Federico Di Pierro nierro92@gmail.com
\[la]mailto:nierro92@gmail.com\[ra]
